About InTensLi (Input-adaptive and in-place dense tensor-times-matrix multiply)

################# Overview ###################
To compute a mode-n product: Y=X * U, where X and Y are dense tensors, U is a
dense matrix. * represents mode-n product.<br/>
There are two stages: first is to generate ttm code according to input tensor 
and other parameters (gen\_ttm); second is to use generated "ttm.cpp" to run ttm 
code and test its performance. <br/>
The tests use random generated dense tensors, users can specify the tensor 
dimension and maximum and minimum dimension sizes.

############### How to run? ######################
Refer to script file "run\_InTensLi.sh" to run InTensLi as a whole.<br/>
The input parameters for executable file "gen\_ttm" and "ttm" are the same. <br/>
./gen\_ttm (or ./ttm) 
  * -dim=[Dimension]<br/>
  * -maxdimsize=[maximum dimension size]<br/>
  * -mindimsize=[minimum dimension size]<br/>
    Other dimension sizes are generated by evenly distributed betwee the max and
    min.<br/>
  * -mode=[mode-n product, the mode to be multiplied]<br/>
  * -R=[the low-rank value, size of dimension n of the generated tensor Y]<br/>
  * -strategy=[1, forward-strategy; 2: backward-strategy]<br/>
  * -degree=[number of dimensions used to build inner-most MM kernel]<br/>
  * -OMPNT=[number of threads used in for loops]<br/>
  * -MKLNT=[number of threads used in MM kernel]<br/>
    Parameters "degree", "OMPNT", and "MKLNT" can be specified by users,
    although InTensLi itself decides reasonable values for them.<br/>

############## Code structure #####################
defines.h: use this file to define macros.<br/>
driver-gen.cpp: main file for the first stage.<br/>
gen_ttm.cpp: generate "ttm.cpp" for a particular input tensor.<br/>
decide_mc.cpp: 
  1. function decide_component_mode: split tensor dimensions into two parts, modes
  used in inner matrix multiplication kernel (M_C) and modes used as loops (M_L).
  2. function decide_paras: determine "degree" value and threads used in for loops
  ("omp_nt"), in MM kernel ("mkl_nt").
driver-ttm.cpp: main file to the second stage.<br/>
util.cpp: auxiliary functions.<br/>
timer.cpp: timing functions.<br/>
hpcdefs.h: used in timer.cpp.<br/>


Note: Code is not pretty now. Welcome any feedback to improve it!<br/>
Contact: Jiajia Li (jiajiali@gatech.edu)<br/>
